1. C
C is a general-purpose, imperative computer programming language. It supports structured programming, lexical variable scope and recursion,
while a static type system prevents many unintended operations. By design, C provides constructs that map efficiently to typical machine
instructions, and therefore it has found lasting use in applications that had formerly been coded in assembly language, including operating
systems as well as various application software for computers ranging from supercomputers to embedded systems.

2. Java
Java is a functional computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have as
few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere", meaning that code
that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another. Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can
run on any Java virtual machine regardless of computer architecture. Java is, as of 2015, one of the most popular programming languages
in use, particularly for client-server web applications, with a reported 9 million developers.

3. C#
C# is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, generic, object-oriented
(class-based), and component-oriented programming disciplines. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative and later approved
as a standard by Ecma (ECMA-334) and ISO (ISO/IEC 23270:2006). C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language
Infrastructure.The name "C sharp" was inspired by musical notation where a sharp indicates that the written note should be made a semitone
higher in pitch. This is similar to the language name of C++, where "++" indicates that a variable should be incremented by 1. The sharp
symbol also resembles a ligature of four "+" symbols (in a two-by-two grid), further implying that the language is an increment of C++.

4. PHP
PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language. As of
January 2013, PHP was installed on more than 240 million websites (39% of those sampled) and 2.1 million web servers. Originally created by
Rasmus Lerdorf in 1994, the reference implementation of PHP (powered by the Zend Engine) is now produced by The PHP Group. While PHP
originally stood for Personal Home Page, it now stands for PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor, which is a recursive backronym.PHP code can be
simply mixed with HTML code, or it can be used in combination with various templating engines and web frameworks. PHP code is usually
processed by a PHP interpreter, which is usually implemented as a web server's native module or a Common Gateway Interface (CGI) executable.
After the PHP code is interpreted and executed, the web server sends resulting output to its client, usually in form of a part of the
generated web page.

5. JavaScript
JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow
client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is
displayed. It is also used in server-side network programming with runtime environments such as Node.js, game development and the creation
of desktop and mobile applications.JavaScript is classified as a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing and first-class
functions. This mix of features makes it a multi-paradigm language, supporting object-oriented,imperative, and functional programming styles.